Either I have a really quick important announcement about the exercises.
So I'm a big fan of using strings and pretty much everyone is who's using Python 3.6 or later.
However currently the to me coding challenges only supports Python 3.5 so strings are not supported
in these exercises which is really frustrating because it doesn't reflect what people are actually using
in Python.
I've written in multiple emails about this and I've been assured that it's in the works but I have no
guarantee of when that will happen.
So it doesn't really make a difference for anything else in this course except for when you're using
an empty string.
So instead of using strings if you are in an exercise use the dot format method.
Here's an example exercise I made up.
I won't be giving away the solution of a real one.
Here's just a demo.
We have two variables.
Fruit and ripeness.
And I want to print out a sentence that looks like you know the fruits is ripeness the banana is unripe.
So I want to join them with an is and they want a.
The at the beginning if I tried to use an F string so I had to print F and this and that.
And then here I would say the fruit is.
And then afterwards ripeness.
And unfortunately this will not work if I copy this over to my terminal and hit enter.
It does work.
So it is valid code but as you can see this is three point six.
Back in the exercise if I try it and then check my solution takes a moment invalid syntax line for it
does not like my syntax here.
So it is invalid and 3.5 was nothing until 3.6 instead rather than this we're going to print.
I'll leave both of them here.
Get rid of that f and get rid of these variables that are inter-related and we do a duck format and
we pass them in the order that we want them to be inserted.
So fruit comma ripeness.
I think this is a much worse syntax which the Python team agreed which is why they added the string
syntax.
But you'll have to use this unfortunately in the exercises.
It's at the end of the world.
I mean people use Format all the time.
It's just not my personal preference.
And hopefully I'll be able to take this video down soon.
Once you give me updates the exercise is the platform anyway.
If I try this now.
Perfect.
Well done.
Your solution is correct.
OK.
So that's it.
Just keep in mind in the exercises if you are trying to interpret a variable into a string you need
to use that format.
If you're submitting them and trying to get the tests to run otherwise if you're doing it on your own
computer just use an F string or whatever you'd like.